[DOCS] Update Docs for GX-Agent Versioning (#9783)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/cloud/about_gx.md

The GX Agent is typically deployed in your organization's deployment environment, for example, in a development, staging, or production cloud services environment. The GX Agent serves all GX Cloud users within your organization. It can be run as part of your development or production workflows. See [Connect GX Cloud](./connect/connect_lp.md) for setup instructions.

> ### GX Agent versioning

Reviewer: What do we think about moving this to between Roles and Responsibilities and Supported Browsers? Just thinking of the newspaper article model, this more of a detail that can come later than the more critical bits e.g. deployment patterns. 
But I totally get leaving this here with the description of the agent so I won't block on this point, just wanted to consider.

Reviewer 2: The GX Agent version is related to the GX Agent content that precedes it. So, this is the best location for the information.

> GX uses a date-based versioning format for its weekly GX Agent releases. For example, `YYYYMMMDD`. GX appends `stable` or `dev` to the GX Agent version to identify the release type. The `stable` identifier indicates the release is fully tested and ready for use. The `dev` identifier indicates the release is pre-production and untested. This documentation assumes you are using the latest `stable` GX Agent release. 

Reviewer: How about something like this?
```suggestion
GX uses a date-based versioning format for its weekly GX Agent releases. For example, `YYYYMMMDD.#` for stable releases or `YYYYMMDD.#.dev#` for pre-releases. GX also provides the `stable` and `dev` docker tags that reference the most recent of each release type. The `stable` identifier indicates the release is fully tested and ready for use. The `dev` identifier indicates the release is a pre-release. This documentation assumes you are using the latest `stable` GX Agent release. 
```

Reviewer 2: GX uses a date-based versioning format for its weekly GX Agent Docker image releases. For example, `YYYYMMMDD.#` for stable releases or `YYYYMMDD.#.dev#` for pre-releases. The `stable` tag indicates the image is fully tested and ready for use. The `dev` tag indicates a pre-release image. This documentation assumes you're using the latest `stable` GX Agent Docker image. 

OR

GX uses a date-based versioning format for its weekly GX Agent Docker image releases. For example, `YYYYMMMDD.#` for stable releases or `YYYYMMDD.#.dev#` for pre-releases. GX uses the `stable` and `dev` Docker image tags to identify the release type. The `stable` tag indicates the image is fully tested and ready for use. The `dev` tag indicates a pre-release image. This documentation assumes you're using the latest `stable` GX Agent Docker image.

Author: @anthonyburdi @kwcanuck thank you for the suggestions here. I have a preference for the second one because it explains the image tags more specifically.

Reviewer: Sounds good to me. @Shinnnyshinshin I'm seeing two different versions of the text in this file though, can you update?

GX provides flexible, robust products that allow your organization to quickly deploy GX Cloud or GX OSS to fit your unique requirements.

### Versioning

> The GX agent is released weekly using a date-based versioning scheme (`YYYYMMMDD` or `YYYMMMDD.dev`). The `stable` tag points to the latest released image and is one we recommend in most use cases. The `dev` tag points to the latest pre-release image (or release if no pre-release exists after the release), and will contain the latest features and bugfixes that are not yet ready for production determined by the development team. The examples in our documentation will use the `stable` release tag. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GX uses a date-based versioning format for its weekly GX Agent releases. For example, `YYYYMMMDD`. GX appends `stable` or `dev` to the GX Agent version to identify the release type. The ‘stable” identifier indicates the release is tested and recommended. The `dev` identifier indicates the release is pre-production and not all functionality has been tested. This documentation assumes you are using the latest `stable` GX Agent release.
```
